more osu! patterns (#12068)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/osu!/Bursts/en.md

---
stub: true
tags:
  - bursts
---

# Bursts

> **Bursts** are a pattern where three or more [hit circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit_circle) are [stacked](/wiki/Beatmapping/Mapping_techniques/Stack) on top of eachother in 1/4 or faster ticks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **burst** is a pattern where three or more [hit circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit_circle) are [stacked](/wiki/Beatmapping/Mapping_techniques/Stack) on top of each other in 1/4 or faster ticks on the [timeline](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timelines#hit-objects).
```

> 

Reviewer: The transition between bursts and streams is fluid as far as my knowledge goes, but mentioning a general direction here might help improve the definition.

Something like:

There is no hard limit when bursts become streams but generally speaking, patterns with more than 10 consecutive hit objects are called streams.
